OSDOCS-16096 added assembly and modules for reconciliation plus updat… (#98670)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/zero_trust_workload_identity_manager/zero-trust-manager-reconciliation.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="zero-trust-manager-reconciliation"]
= Pausing and restarting reconciliation by annotation
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: zero-trust-manager-reconciliation

toc::[]

> Pausing reconciliation allows you to enable a `create-only` mode, which allows you to perform manual configurations or debugging without the controller overwriting your changes. This is done by annotating the API resources which are managed by the Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enaling the `create-only` mode allows you to pause the Operator reconciliation, which allows you to perform manual configurations or debug without the controller overwriting your changes. This is done by annotating the API resources which are managed by the Operator.
```
